When I'm ready to begin my job search, I have a bigger interest in working for either a small or mid-sized company.  In my previous (non-tech) roles, I've had the opportunity to work for smaller startups, mid-sized companies, and large corporations, and from our presentation this week, it seems the traits that apply to these environments is similar accross different industries, and what they described was a lot like what I've experienced.

I have personally enjoyed working for a startup because it's exciting to see how the company can evolve, and feel like a huge part of that evolution.  It's really amazing to feel that the work I do has a direct impact on the company I work for.  However, I do also like the benefits of working for a mid-sized company - greater structure, stability, more clearly-defined roles, and of course better benefits (that matter - ie. healthcare, not ping pong tables!) However, I've never enjoyed the jobs I've had that were more corporate - I always felt like I was lost in a sea of employees, like I'm very replaceable, and despite greater stability and benefits - the downsides were enough for me to not enjoy those roles.

I also live in the NYC area, and would definitely like to stay here.  Fortunately there are a lot of opportunities in tech where I live, so I'm hoping that will work out in my favor.  I'd prefer a role that is not remote, especially at first, because I think as a new developer I'll be able to benefit and grow more if I can work alongside others more senior to me.